doc: add more definitions to GLOSSARY.md (#52798)
nodejs/node: glossary.md

* **Bootstrap**: Early phase in the Node.js process startup - sets up the execution environment and loads internal
  modules.
* **CI**: [Continuous Integration][] - Development practice where code changes are frequently merged into a shared
  repository.
* **CITGM**: Canary In The Gold Mine - A smoke test which tests the code change with popular npm packages.
* **CJS**: [CommonJS][] - Standard for JavaScript modules, and in most cases, [CommonJS Modules][].
* **CLDR**: [Common Locale Data Repository][] - A repository of locale data used in software engineering.
* **CLI**: [Command Line Interface][] - A way to interact with a computer program using text commands.
* **Code cache**: Chunk of bytes storing compiled JS code and its metadata.
* **CVE**: [Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures][] - Database maintaining reported security vulnerabilities.
* **Deps**: Dependencies - Upstream projects that this project depends on.
* **DOM**: [Document Object Model][] - A programming interface for web documents. It represents the structure of a
  document as a tree of objects, allowing programmers to manipulate the content and structure of a web page dynamically.

> * **ECMA**: [ECMA][] - Governing body over JavaScript's specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ECMA**: [Ecma International][] - A nonprofit standards organization which develops and publishes international standards, including **ECMA-262**.
```

> * **ECMA-262**: **ECMA**'s [standard for ECMAScript][].

Reviewer: I seems important to mention TC39.
```suggestion
* **ECMA-262**: **Ecma**'s [specification document for **ECMAScript**][], maintained and updated by the **TC39**.
```

> * **ECMA-262**: [**ECMA**'s standard for JavaScript][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ECMA-262**: [**ECMA**'s standard for ECMAScript][].
```

> * **ECMAScript**: JavaScript, as described in **ECMA-262**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ECMAScript**: A standard for scripting languages, including **JavaScript**.
```

* **EOF**: [End-of-File][] - Indicates the end of a file or stream.
* **EOL**: [End-of-Life][] (when used within project documents), [End-of-Line][] (when used within a program),
  End-of-Life is usually how this term is used.

> * **ESM**: [ECMAScript Module][] - Standard for JavaScript modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ESM**: [ECMAScript Module][] - The implementation of the **ECMA-262** module system.
```

* **ETW**: [Event Tracing for Windows][] - Provides a way to trace events in Windows systems.
* **FFDC**: First Failure Data Capture - Logs, traces, and dumps produced by default on program error.
* **FIPS**: [Federal Information Processing Standards][] - Set of standards for use in computer systems by non-military
  government agencies and government contractors.
* **FS**: File System.
* **Godbolt**: [Compiler Explorer][] - Tool for running compilers interactively from a web browser.

> * **HTTP**: [Hypertext Transfer Protocol][] - An application protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **HTTP**: [HyperText Transfer Protocol][] - An application protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia
```

  information systems. It is the foundation of data communication on the World Wide Web.
* **ICU**: [International Components for Unicode][] - Library providing support for Unicode.
* **IDE**: [Integrated Development Environment][] - A software application that provides comprehensive facilities to
  computer programmers for software development.
* **IETF**: [Internet Engineering Task Force][] - An international community responsible for developing and promoting
  Internet standards.
* **IIRC**: If I Recall Correctly.
* **IIUC**: If I Understand Correctly.
* **IMHO**: In My Humble/Honest Opinion.
* **IMO**: In My Opinion.
* **IPC**: [Inter-Process Communication][] - Mechanism allowing processes to communicate with each other.
* **JIT**: [Just In Time][] - Method of executing computer code during runtime.

> * **JS**: [JavaScript][] - A high-level, interpreted programming language that is primarily used to create dynamic and
>   interactive content on web pages. It is commonly used for client-side scripting in web development.

Reviewer: I think describing JS as "primarily used to create dynamic and interactive content on web pages" would not really fit what folks use JS in the context of Node.js
```suggestion
* **JS**: [JavaScript][] - A high-level, interpreted programming language that conforms to the **ECMAScript** specification.
```

* **JS/C++ boundary**: Boundary between V8's runtime and JS code execution, often crossed when calling JS functions
  with C++ linkage.
* **JSON**: [JavaScript Object Notation][] - A lightweight data interchange format that is easy for humans to read and
  write, and easy for machines to parse and generate. It is commonly used for transmitting data between a server and a
  web application.
* **LE**: Little [Endian][] - A Byte Order where the smallest bit comes first. The opposite of **BE**.
* **LGTM/SGTM**: Looks/Sounds good to me - Commonly used to approve a code review.
* **LTS**: [Long Term Support][] - Support provided for a software version for an extended period.
* **MDN**: [Mozilla Development Network][] - Resource for web developers.
* **MVC**: [Model-View-Controller][] - A software design pattern commonly used for developing user interfaces. It
  separates the application into three interconnected components: the model (data), the view (presentation), and the
  controller (logic).

> * **Native modules/addons**: Modules implemented in C/C++ that expose interfaces callable from JS.

Reviewer: It doesn't have to be C nor C++ AFAIK
```suggestion
* **Native modules/addons**: Modules implemented in e.g. C or C++ that expose interfaces callable from JS.
```

Reviewer: This comment was marked as resolved but not addressed, if you disagree with the suggestion, please leave a comment explaining.

Author: Apologies if I mis-resolved it. I'll make all the changes later today

> * **NPM**: [NPM][] - A package manager for JavaScript, widely used for managing dependencies in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **npm**: [npm][] - A package manager and registry, widely used for managing dependencies in
```

  Node.js projects and for sharing code with others.
* **OOB**: Out Of Bounds - Used in the context of array access.
* **OOM**: Out Of Memory - Situation where a computer program exceeds its memory allocation.
* **OOP**: [Object-Oriented Programming][] - A programming paradigm based on the concept of "objects," which can
  contain data and code to manipulate that data. OOP languages include features such as encapsulation, inheritance,
  and polymorphism.
* **PPC**: [PowerPC][] - A type of microprocessor architecture.
* **Primordials**: Pristine built-ins in JavaScript that are not affected by prototype pollution.

> * **Prototype Pollution**: Process in which object prototypes are mutated via user action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Prototype Pollution**: Process in which user mutating object prototypes affects other code.
```

* **RAII**: [Resource Acquisition Is Initialization][] - Programming idiom used to manage resources in C++.
* **REPL**: [Read Evaluate Print Loop][] - Environment for interactive programming.
* **RFC**: [Request For Comments][] - A Document used in standardization processes.
* **RSLGTM/RSSGTM**: Rubber-Stamp Looks/Sounds Good To Me - The reviewer approves without doing a full code review.
* **RSS**: [Resident Set Size][] - Amount of memory occupied by a process in RAM.
* **SMP**: [Symmetric Multi-Processor][] - Architecture where multiple processors share the same memory.
* **Snapshot**: Chunk of bytes containing data serialized from a V8 heap.

> * **TBH**: To Be Honest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **TBH**: To Be Honest.
* **TC39**: [Ecma Technical Committee 39][], who "owns" **ECMAScript**.
```

* **TSC**: Technical Steering Committee - Governing body within a project.
* **UI**: [User Interface][] - The point of interaction between a user and a computer program. It includes elements
  such as buttons, menus, and other graphical elements that allow users to interact with the software.
* **URL**: [Uniform Resource Locator][] - A reference to a web resource that specifies its location on a computer
  network and the mechanism for retrieving it, typically using the HTTP or HTTPS protocol.
* **UTF-8**: [Unicode Transformation Format - 8-bit][] - A variable-width character encoding widely used for
  representing Unicode characters efficiently in byte-oriented systems.

> * **V8**: [The JavaScript engine][] that powers Node.js and Chrome browser.

Reviewer: It powers more than just Node.js and Chrome, and since I don't think we want to maintain a list, let's only mention Node.js.
```suggestion
* **V8**: [The JavaScript and WebAssembly engine][] that powers Node.js.
```

> * **Vendoring**: Consuming external software into this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Vendoring**: Integrating external software into the project by copying its code source.
```

> * **VM**: [The Node.js VM module][] - Provides a way of executing JavaScript on a virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **VM**: [The Node.js VM module][] - Provides a way of executing code within V8 Virtual Machine contexts.
```

* **W3C**: [World Wide Web Consortium][] - An international community that develops standards and guidelines for

>   various aspects of the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  various aspects of the web ecosystem.
```

* **JS**: [JavaScript][] - A high-level, interpreted programming language that conforms to the **ECMAScript**
  specification.
* **JS/C++ boundary**: Boundary between V8's runtime and JS code execution, often crossed when calling JS functions
  with C++ linkage.
* **JSON**: [JavaScript Object Notation][] - A lightweight data-interchange format that is easy for humans to read and
  write and for machines to parse and generate. It is commonly used for transmitting data between a server and a
  web application.
* **LE**: Little [Endian][] - A Byte Order where the smallest bit comes first. The opposite of **BE**.
* **LGTM/SGTM**: Looks/Sounds good to me - Commonly used to approve a code review.
* **LTS**: [Long Term Support][] - Support provided for a software version for an extended period.
* **MDN**: [Mozilla Development Network][] - Resource for web developers.
* **MVC**: [Model-View-Controller][] - A software design pattern commonly used for developing user interfaces. It
  separates the application into three interconnected components: the model (data), the view (presentation), and the
  controller (logic).

> * **Native modules/addons**: Modules implemented in native code, such as C or C++, that expose interfaces callable
>   from JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Native modules/addons**: Modules compiled to native code, from a non-JavaScript language
  such as C or C++, that expose interfaces callable from JavaScript.
```

* **JS/C++ boundary**: Boundary between V8's runtime and JS code execution, often crossed when calling JS functions
  with C++ linkage.
* **JSON**: [JavaScript Object Notation][] - A lightweight data interchange format that is easy for humans to read and
  write, and easy for machines to parse and generate. It is commonly used for transmitting data between a server and a
  web application.
* **LE**: Little [Endian][] - A Byte Order where the smallest bit comes first. The opposite of **BE**.
* **LGTM/SGTM**: Looks/Sounds good to me - Commonly used to approve a code review.
* **LTS**: [Long Term Support][] - Support provided for a software version for an extended period.
* **MDN**: [Mozilla Development Network][] - Resource for web developers.
* **MVC**: [Model-View-Controller][] - A software design pattern commonly used for developing user interfaces. It
  separates the application into three interconnected components: the model (data), the view (presentation), and the
  controller (logic).
* **Native modules/addons**: Modules implemented in C/C++ that expose interfaces callable from JS.

<!-- lint disable prohibited-strings -->

> * **NPM**: [Node Package Manager][] - A package manager for JavaScript, widely used for managing dependencies in

Reviewer: https://docs.npmjs.com/policies/logos-and-usage#general-rules says `"npm" should never be used or explained as an acronym`.

Author: I'll update the glossary, that's a cool fun fact

<https://twitter.com/npmjs/status/105690425242820608>
